>> Brian Holt: So we're gonna now do
some handling asynch UIs and events.
So on this details page,
we wanna make it so
there's like a nice carousel of
the various images of the animals.
So you can click on one and
it'll show you a bigger picture of it,
right?
So first thing we wanna do before we
get into that those, we wanna make
the details page like you said,
go under request more data from the API.
>> Brian Holt: So we're going to import pF
from petfinder-client, and
we'll say const petfinder = the same
thing that we did before, pf,
key is process.env.API_KEY.
And this one is
gonna be secret:
process.env.API_SECRET, okay?
And we have class detail down here,
we're gonna give it a constructor.
Constructor props, as you remember
you have to do the super props
first.
>> Brian Holt: Then this.state =
an object, and the first thing that
we're gonna say is when you load for
the first time you're gonna be loading,
right?
Because when this renders for
the first time,
it's not gonna have
the data back from the API.
So you need to indicate to the user,
I'm loading, right?
So the first thing we'll do is to say,
loading and
then once it has finished loading,
then we'll turn that to false.
It's a very common pattern for React
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
then here in our componentDidMount.
>> Brian Holt: We're
going to do all of our requests.
>> Brian Holt: So
we're going to say petFinder.pet.get,
output: Full,
>> Brian Holt: And
id: of this.props.id, so this will
come from remember from the route?
>> Brian Holt: And then we'll say,
.then,
>> Brian Holt: Data.
>> Brian Holt: And we have to do the same
thing with the breed here to make sure
that we make the breed look nice.
So let breed, if Array.isArray Of
(data.petFinder.pet.breeds.breed).
>> Brian Holt: Then we're gonna say,
breed = data.petFinder.pet.
>> Brian Holt: .breeds.breed.join,
[LAUGH] (', ').
>> Brian Holt: Else,
breed is just gonna be
equal to block same thing,
without the join.
>> Brian Holt: Then,
here we're just gonna
do a big old set state.
This.setstate,
>> Brian Holt: Name: is gonna be new
data., men I guess this be easier
if I just did this.
>> Brian Holt: const
pet = data.petFinder.pet.
>> Brian Holt: And
I can see once you, yeah whatever.
And then, here you can just
make everything a little bit
shorter.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> off screen male: You're saying you used
componentWillMount instead of
componentDidMount.
>> Brian Holt: I did,
sorry wrong auto completion.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: And not this twice.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, name: pet.name,
animal: pet.animal, location,
>> Brian Holt: Is pet.contact.city,
pet.contact.state
>> Brian Holt: Description,
>> Brian Holt: Is pet.description.
>> Brian Holt: Media: pet.,
you maybe wondering how it's actually
doing this auto completion for
me, which I think is again one of
my favorite parts of a VS Code.
Because I wanted to find all the type
scripts types for this library,
and knows what the shapes gonna look like.
And despite the fact that we're not
writing type scripts like right now,
VS Code is actually running type script
behind the scenes on your application.
So it's doing that so it can give
you auto completions for JavaScript,
which I think is pretty compelling.
>> Brian Holt: So
you didn't know it, so you're writing
type script, so congratulations.
breed: breed, right?
Because we defined breed up here.
But if you remember correctly,
if you have breed: breed you can just
say breed.
>> Brian Holt: And then loading, at this
point we're no longer loading because it's
loaded the application for the first time,
so we're gonna say loading false.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's a lot of writing, so
I'm gonna give you a second to
catch up on that one.
>> off screen male: Do we no longer need
to handle the case of an empty
breeds array, or breed array,
like null?
>> Brian Holt: It always has a breed.
The API should always return you a breed.
>> Brian Holt: In
order to enter into their system
it has to have a breed, but if
it didn't you'd have to worry about that.
>> off screen male: So,
it was the pets array that we did that for
enough to breed.
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
that's the annoying one.
And honestly, if we put a bad idea
into this right now, it's gonna crash.
When we get to the typescript part
of writing the application for
this, it will force us to handle that.
Cuz we access like this might crash and
I'm not going to let you
continue until you make sure that
you handle the crash part of this.
Last thing here, until it's good to catch,
in case of an error.
So error, and here you can just say,
>> Brian Holt: this.setState,
error: error,
>> Brian Holt: We're not actually gonna do
anything with this, but as you might
imagine here, if there was an error then
you would show the user some sort of
error state, or something like that.
Or I guess you can be even more
sophisticated about it and
just say, navigate.
So this comes from
reach/router,and just say, hey,
if you don't have anything for
this particular pet,
just navigate back to the homepage.
>> off screen male: It's just
a global?
>> Brian Holt: No,
I imported up here from rich/router,
so you don't have to
pull all the way from there.
>> Brian Holt: I
don't have that.
>> Brian Holt: No,
it automatically imported
it when I typed it.
Yeah?.
>> off screen male: Why
would you have a catch on a set state?
And what situation would a, because
why would the set state have a catch?
>> Brian Holt: No it's, no you're right,
I messed it up.
It shouldn't be on the catch, or
it shouldn't be on the set stage.
It should be on the promise.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, you're right.
So this should be catching the promise,
not the set state.
>> Brian Holt: Another
thing that TypeScript totally caught for
me, right?
Because there's no catch
on this.set state.
But we would have seen
that error right away,
it would have crashed right away.
>> Brian Holt: So
now we should be getting
data back from our API.
Now what we wanna do is we
wanna display it in a nice way.
So here instead of render,
instead of this business right there,
we're gonna say, const animal,
breed, location,
description = this.state.
>> Brian Holt: And
the first thing if it's loading.
So you’re gonna say,
if (this.state.loading).
As you might imagine, you might make some
nice spinning indicator letting the user
knowing that you're loading.
In this case, we're just gonna say,
return an h1 of loading.
But again, you would want to
take clear like invest more time
in making that look nice, but
in our case is enough just to say,
loading.
>> Brian Holt: Return,
div className = details,
>> Brian Holt: Another div inside of that,
and we're gonna have an h1.
>> Brian Holt: H1 with a name,
>> Brian Holt: h2 with animal,
and- breed,
and- location.
>> Brian Holt: And then last thing under
that go to p with the description,
>> Brian Holt: And this will take
everything that we loaded from the API
in display in a nice way for our users.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
just to refresh the page,
then I'll click on one of these.
And you can see here it takes me to
a page with that cats information.
Did I get the name wrong?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I didn't, that's weird.
It should give me an error about that.
And now we have.
I'm not showing the image yet
we'll do that here in a second we're gonna
build the carousel but,
>> Brian Holt: But if you do notice for
a second it does say loading
up there before flash is,